Person:
LOL I had something similar in NYC happen to me 2x. At 2 completely different
times I got called names for not taking the time to look interested. The first
time I didn't say anything and the guy said "Don't be afraid of black people".
The second time I politely told the guy I don't listen to rap music (I admit I
shouldn't have said this LOL) and he said "It's not rap music bitch!"

My response:
I'm fantasizing it was hard bop jazz and the guy was wanting to break out of
his dull life playing at the symphony at night and lecturing at NYU during the
day:

He stands mostly alone, with himself and a stack of CDs, unable to get a record
deal or even a callback...from anyone. Memories of things told to him as a
child haunt him as he shivers in the cold: "Play classical. Stick with Brahms.
Nobody wants jazz." Certainly not his kind at least...or so he feels forced to
admit. He can't even give CDs out for free. Not a single one.

There was that phone call once with his mother when he was 23. He was so proud
to have made money at his first jazz gig at a seedy bar in the Bronx. When he
got up the next morning he remembers excitedly calling her, "Mother, guess what
happened last night? I got paid to play jazz! It was my music, I felt it. It
was amazing. I was so alive!" He expected support, he expected congratulations,
but instead there is nothing. All he hears is a mockingbird's song outside his
window.

Just, lonely, silence on the other end.

His mother starts slowly, "you're still in the PhD program right?". And there
it is. Her reality. He is going to pursuit the dreams of others being projected
onto him. It is his fault for not being happy by conforming to other people's
imagined reality of who he is. "God, what is wrong with me?", he chastises
himself as he questions why he can't enjoy being the person of their collective
conscious, "Is their perception of me, unclouded by ego, more real than my
own?"

He did defend that dissertation and get that PhD, an associate professor
position and joined a prestigious orchestra.

Just as he was told. Everything came so easy for him except for anything he
cared about. Shackled by success just enough to keep happiness out of reach

His mother attends whenever she can and always brings flowers. They sit, dead,
drying on his window sill laced with dated tiny cards of nights worth
forgetting neatly arranged in his apartment on the upper east side. The same
apartment strewn with books about Coltrane, records of Silver, memorabilia from
Miles. Why does he have to play yet another Vivaldi to pay for it all?

"God, a lifetime of teaching music theory... Really?! That's it?" he sighs as
yet another person puts their palm in his face, turning down his music as he
stands there, staring in defeat at his stack of rejected CDs, rejected by
everyone.
