why do they play such terrible music on the radio?

It's as if only 10 songs exist and they are all just so bad.

I've been trying to imagine the person who the station is intended for. Someone
with a paper-pushing office job who lives in the suburbs, drives an hour to and
from work each day, who dreams of buying newer things like that which they own,
and have associates and colleagues all of who are just like them, who do the
same things, look the same, and are really looking forward to that new comedy
coming out which stars the standup guy from the 90s who was in that one show
with the laugh track.

These people get up at 530 every morning and take 2 hours to get ready for
nobody. They take paxil, valium, adderall, lithium, and a cup of coffee with a
dash of vokda - because that's how they start their day.

They'll get in their cars with fast-food crumbs spattered around everywhere and
the plastic beads with the beer logo at the base, hanging from their rearview
mirror, that was given to them by someone they met at the local bar, 8 months
ago - who they called once after but never got a call back.

They leave their 2 dogs, 3 cats, hamster, prized trumpeter finch, and 20
species of creatures they couldn't pronounce living in their walls and
furniture, at the worst possible time, from the suburbs, onward, to some
corporate park where they will place their car 3 layers underground because
first-level parking, like corner offices, are reserved for executives who never
come in.

Then they will put on the lanyard with the chip in it and their name, and a
picture they took the first week they got the job. The will take the elevator
to the first floor, walk by the same security guard who will look up briefly to
see if it's one of the people they know, see it's not, and then go back to
writing something on some pad of paper that you never get to see.

This is how they start their day. And this radio station. This is made for
them.

That's why the traffic reports talk about places you've never been and freeways
you've never seen. The only time you hear about them is during the commercials,
where they tell you how much of a deal you'll get if you go there and buy a car
this weekend - or if you set aside time and attend that convention at the
fairgrounds - where hundreds of pop-up shops will peddle you things you don't
want, successfully, and all attendants will feel like they did something - and
will be able to wake up tomorrow without that deep feeling of regret.

these commercials are how they plan their weekend and this music is their sing-
along - a terrible mockery of basic social interaction which they find
completely convincing.
